# 🤖 Can You Believe in Machines?

## Problem to Solve

Can you believe in machines? More and more frequently, programmers turn to generative artificial intelligence—perhaps in the form of ChatGPT or CS50’s own cs50.ai—to write code. All the more reason, then, to write good test cases: it’s up to you to ensure the code generated by these “machines” works as you intend!

In files called `believe.R` and `test-believe.R`, you’ll do just that. First, you’ll write test cases for a function that solves a problem of your choice. Then, you’ll then turn to a large language model to write code for you. Finally, you’ll ensure the code you’re given passes all of your tests.

## Specification

You’ll approach this problem in three steps:

1. Identify a problem that can be solved by creating a function in R.
2. Write test cases for that function in `test-believe.R`, instead of creating the function yourself.
3. Use a large language model, like [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/) or [cs50.ai](https://cs50.ai/), to implement the function for you. Modify the code as needed to pass your test cases.

Because you’ll be relying on a large language model to generate code for you, it’s most important to focus on writing thorough test cases.

## Identify a Problem To Solve

The problem you choose is entirely up to you, subject to these constraints:

- It should be non-trivial (i.e., challenging enough that it would take you some time to write the code on your own).
- It should have clearly defined inputs and outputs.
- It should be suitable for solving with a function in R.

## Write Test Cases

In `test-believe.R`, write a series of test cases that thoroughly define your function’s intended inputs, outputs, and—if applicable—errors and warnings.

## Write Your Function

In `believe.R`, turn to a large language model like [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/) or [cs50.ai](https://cs50.ai/) to write your function for you. Consider providing, in the prompt you use, the test cases for your function.

If the function passes all test cases, be sure to check if the test cases cover all possible scenarios the function might handle.

If the function does not pass all test cases, modify the implementation until it does.
